Here's a bonus strategy that I thought would be worth outlining and I touched on it a tad bit in the
last lecture talking about pricing strategies one way that you can almost guarantee yourself bookings
is what I call the hotel strategy go and look at the hotel space around you.
And this is especially true in markets that don't have a lot of air be in because you can do the same
exact thing you did with Airbnb Yunior scoping out the area.
You can do that with Priceline.com Orbitz or Expedia.
They all do the map and they show the map of what it cost to say a hotel around you.
And then in general what the price range is don't look for hotels that have Olympic sized swimming pools
or offer large amenities sets.
Look for the standard what a holiday and goes for something in the middle like a Marriott or whatever.
You don't necessarily have to convert up to a Motel 6.
It makes more sense to look for something that's mid range.
This almost works without fail.
If you have a one bedroom or even a two bedroom look at the hotel price make the calculation in your
head and then just offer roughly the same or more and then list your price at the same or less.
Typically what happens is when people are coming in there's a large contingent of people and I got this
information base of speaking a lot of my guests that look for hotels first and when they don't like
the prices look for Airbnb.
Or they at least do both searches before they book on air BNP.
So if they're coming in and they're looking for a hotel they'll see the hotel and say it's a hundred
dollars a night.
And then they look at your space and it's slightly better.
And it's $80 a night that's kind of an automatic win unless they're fly by night.
Somebody just came in wanted just find a place to crash and leave because they are not typically great
for that.
We'll talk a little bit more about how you should probably use the instant book strategy in general
but the couples with this strategy that if you want to compare yourself to a hotel you probably want
to be doing instant book.
We'll talk about that book later if you don't know what that is.
Don't worry.
We're going to cover it Strategy number four would be a hotel offered they offer an undercut the hotel.
They get so many people coming to him.
Those people are very price sensitive and more likely than not if they're coming for more than a day
or two and they thought about this at least a week in advance they're going to look on both systems
that is very it more and more common nowadays.
And if you don't have a one bedroom and it doesn't make the immediate conversion to one bedroom cost
$150 I can offer mine at 135.
So you have a two bedroom.
Now think about a group of two people who don't want to stay in the same room or a group of four and
they don't obviously want to stay in the same room.
What are they going to pay.
They're going to double it.
They're going to pay $300 if it's 150 or 200 dollars if each one is a hundred.
So you a two bedroom so beat that second prize offer below 300 or below 200.
Try to make your property as obvious of a choice as possible.
And keep in mind that people use hotels as a baseline when they make these decisions.